Apply general fixes (#899)
moonbeam-foundation/moonbeam-docs: builders/build/eth-api/dev-env/tenderly.md

- **[Debugger](https://docs.tenderly.co/debugger){target=\_blank}** - use the visual debugger to inspect transactions and get better insight into the behavior of your code. With the debugger, you can review a transaction's stack trace, view the calls made in a transaction, step through a contract, and review decoded inputs, outputs, and state variables. You can use the debugger on the Tenderly dashboard or the [Tenderly Debugger Chrome Extension](https://docs.tenderly.co/simulations-and-forks/how-to-simulate-a-transaction){target=\_blank}

- **[Gas Profiler](https://docs.tenderly.co/debugger#gas-profiler){target=\_blank}** - view how much gas you're spending on a granular level, so you can optimize your smart contracts and reduce transaction gas costs

> - **[Simulator](https://docs.tenderly.co/simulations-and-forks/how-to-simulate-a-transaction){target=\_blank}** - simulate transactions in a forked development environment to learn how your transactions will behave without having to send them on-chain. This way, you can know the outcome of the transaction and make sure it works as expected before sending it to the network. You can experiment with different parameters, simulate historical and current transactions, and edit the contract source code. You can access the simulator from the Tenderly dashboard or you can use the [Tenderly Simulation API](https://docs.tenderly.co/simulations-and-forks/simulation-api){target=\_blank} to take advantage of the simulator programmatically 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[Simulator](https://docs.tenderly.co/simulator-ui){target=\_blank}** - simulate transactions in a forked development environment to learn how your transactions will behave without having to send them on-chain. This way, you can know the outcome of the transaction and make sure it works as expected before sending it to the network. You can experiment with different parameters, simulate historical and current transactions, and edit the contract source code. You can access the simulator from the Tenderly dashboard or you can use the [Tenderly Simulation API](https://docs.tenderly.co/reference/api#tag/Simulations){target=\_blank} to take advantage of the simulator programmatically 
```

> 

Reviewer: Forks below can change to this link: https://docs.tenderly.co/forks
